Add short description to each package (#1977)
App-vNext/Polly: README.md

## NuGet Packages

| **Package** | **Latest Version** | **About** |
|:--|:--|:--|
| `Polly.Core` | [![NuGet](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Polly.Core)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Polly.Core/ "Download Polly.Core from NuGet.org") | The core abstractions and [built-in strategies](https://www.pollydocs.org/strategies/index). |
| `Polly.Extensions` | [![NuGet](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Polly.Extensions)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Polly.Extensions/ "Download Polly.Extensions from NuGet.org") | [Telemetry](https://www.pollydocs.org/advanced/telemetry) and [dependency injection](https://www.pollydocs.org/advanced/dependency-injection) support. |
| `Polly.RateLimiting` | [![NuGet](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Polly.RateLimiting)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Polly.RateLimiting/ "Download Polly.RateLimiting from NuGet.org") | Integration with [`System.Threading.RateLimiting`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Threading.RateLimiting) APIs. |

> | `Polly.Testing` | [![NuGet](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Polly.Testing)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Polly.Testing/ "Download Polly.Testing from NuGet.org") | [Testing support](https://www.pollydocs.org/advanced/testing) for Polly library. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Polly.Testing` | [![NuGet](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Polly.Testing)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Polly.Testing/ "Download Polly.Testing from NuGet.org") | [Testing support](https://www.pollydocs.org/advanced/testing) for Polly libraries. |
```

> | `Polly` | [![NuGet](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Polly)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Polly/ "Download Polly from NuGet.org") | This package contains the legacy API exposed by older versions of Polly library. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Polly` | [![NuGet](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Polly)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Polly/ "Download Polly from NuGet.org") | This package contains the legacy API exposed by versions of the Polly library before version 8. |
```
